
app/(commonLayout)/app/(appDetailLayout)/[appId]/overview/tracing/type.ts
app/(shareLayout)/chat/[token]/page.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/index.tsx
app/components/app/annotation/edit-annotation-modal/edit-item/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/index.ts
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/annotation/edit-annotation-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/app/annotation/edit-annotation-modal/edit-item/index.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/drawer-plus/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/index.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/annotation-full/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  hooks/use-timestamp.ts
  service/annotation.ts
app/components/app/annotation/type.ts
app/components/app/configuration/base/feature-panel/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/base/group-name/index.tsx
app/components/app/configuration/base/operation-btn/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/base/var-highlight/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/base/var-highlight/style.module.css
app/components/app/configuration/base/var-highlight/style.module.css
app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/advanced-prompt-input.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/confirm-add-var/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/message-type-selector.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/prompt-editor-height-resize-wrap.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/style.module.css
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  context/debug-configuration.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/confirm-add-var/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/base/var-highlight/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/advanced-prompt-input.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/simple-prompt-input.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  config/index.ts
  context/debug-configuration.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/message-type-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  models/debug.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/prompt-editor-height-resize-wrap.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/simple-prompt-input.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/confirm-add-var/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/prompt-editor-height-resize-wrap.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config/automatic/automatic-btn.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config/automatic/get-automatic-res.tsx
  app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/update-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  context/debug-configuration.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
  models/common.ts
  models/debug.ts
  service/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/style.module.css
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/field.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/field.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-select/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-string/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/modal-foot.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/select-type-item/index.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/file-upload-setting.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  context/debug-configuration.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-select/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-string/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/base/feature-panel/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/select-var-type.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/var-item.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  context/debug-configuration.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/input-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-var-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/modal-foot.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/select-type-item/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-var-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/select-var-type.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/base/operation-btn/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-var-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config-var/var-item.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/input-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config/automatic/automatic-btn.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
app/components/app/configuration/config/automatic/get-automatic-res.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/base/group-name/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config/automatic/style.module.css
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  service/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/app/configuration/config/automatic/style.module.css
app/components/app/configuration/config/code-generator/get-code-generator-res.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  service/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/params-config/config-content.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/params-config/weighted-score.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/score-threshold-item.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/top-k-item.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/params-config/weighted-score.css
app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/params-config/weighted-score.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/params-config/weighted-score.css
  app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/select-dataset/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/type-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  hooks/use-knowledge.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  service/datasets.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/settings-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/check-rerank-model.ts
  app/components/datasets/common/economical-retrieval-method-config/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/retrieval-method-config/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/external-knowledge-base/create/RetrievalSettings.tsx
  app/components/datasets/settings/index-method-radio/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/settings/permission-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  service/common.ts
  service/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/type-icon/index.tsx
app/components/app/configuration/tools/external-data-tool-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/emoji-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/moderation/form-generation.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/index.ts
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/selector.tsx
  context/i18n.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/agent-log-modal/detail.tsx
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/base/agent-log-modal/result.tsx
  app/components/base/agent-log-modal/tracing.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  models/log.ts
  service/log.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/agent-log-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/agent-log-modal/detail.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/agent-log-modal/iteration.tsx
  app/components/base/agent-log-modal/tool-call.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  models/log.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/agent-log-modal/result.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/status.tsx
  hooks/use-timestamp.ts
app/components/base/agent-log-modal/tool-call.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  models/log.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/agent-log-modal/tracing.tsx
  app/components/base/agent-log-modal/iteration.tsx
  models/log.ts
app/components/base/answer-icon/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/app-unavailable.tsx
app/components/base/audio-btn/audio.player.manager.ts
  app/components/base/audio-btn/audio.ts
app/components/base/audio-btn/audio.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  service/share.ts
app/components/base/audio-btn/index.tsx
  app/components/base/audio-btn/audio.player.manager.ts
  app/components/base/audio-btn/style.module.css
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/base/audio-btn/style.module.css
app/components/base/audio-gallery/AudioPlayer.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  hooks/use-theme.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/audio-gallery/index.tsx
  app/components/base/audio-gallery/AudioPlayer.tsx
app/components/base/avatar/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/badge.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/badge/index.css
app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/block-input/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/base/var-highlight/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/spinner/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/chat-wrapper.tsx
  app/components/base/answer-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/suggested-questions.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/chat/utils.ts
  app/components/base/markdown.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/share.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/theme-context.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  models/share.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header-in-mobile.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header/mobile-operation-dropdown.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header/operation.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/content.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/rename-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/index.ts
  models/share.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header/operation.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/view-form-dropdown.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/rename-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  models/share.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header/mobile-operation-dropdown.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header/operation.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/hooks.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/constants.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/chat/utils.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/utils/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  hooks/use-app-favicon.ts
  i18n/i18next-config.ts
  models/explore.ts
  models/share.ts
  service/share.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/index.tsx
  app/components/base/app-unavailable.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/chat-wrapper.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header-in-mobile.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/header/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/hooks.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/theme-context.ts
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/share/utils.ts
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
  models/explore.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/content.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/content.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/view-form-dropdown.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/inputs-form/content.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/list.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/rename-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/logo/logo-site.tsx
  app/components/share/text-generation/menu-dropdown.tsx
  models/share.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/item.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/operation.tsx
  models/share.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/list.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/item.tsx
  models/share.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/operation.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat-with-history/sidebar/rename-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/agent-content.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/thought/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/markdown.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/basic-content.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/markdown.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/index.tsx
  app/components/app/annotation/edit-annotation-modal/edit-item/index.tsx
  app/components/base/answer-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/agent-content.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/basic-content.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/more.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/operation.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/suggested-questions.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/workflow-process.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/loading-anim/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  models/share.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/more.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/operation.tsx
  app/components/app/annotation/edit-annotation-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/log/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/annotation-reply/annotation-ctrl-button.tsx
  app/components/base/new-audio-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/suggested-questions.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/tool-detail.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/workflow-process.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/tracing-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/chat-input-area/hooks.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/chat-input-area/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/chat-input-area/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/chat-input-area/operation.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/check-input-forms-hooks.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/theme-context.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/feature-bar.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/store.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/voice-input/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/chat-input-area/operation.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/theme-context.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/check-input-forms-hooks.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/popup.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/popup.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/progress-tooltip.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/tooltip.tsx
  app/components/base/file-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/progress-tooltip.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat/citation/tooltip.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/index.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/audio-btn/audio.player.manager.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/utils.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/chat/utils.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  hooks/use-timestamp.ts
  models/log.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/index.tsx
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/base/agent-log-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/chat-input-area/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/context.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/question.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/try-to-ask.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/theme-context.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-log-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  models/share.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/loading-anim/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/loading-anim/style.module.css
app/components/base/chat/chat/loading-anim/style.module.css
app/components/base/chat/chat/log/index.tsx
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/question.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/theme-context.ts
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/utils.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/index.ts
  app/components/base/markdown.tsx
app/components/base/chat/chat/thought/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/answer/tool-detail.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/try-to-ask.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/log.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/base/chat/chat/utils.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/base/chat/constants.ts
app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/theme-context.ts
  app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/utils.ts
app/components/base/chat/embedded-chatbot/theme/utils.ts
app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/base/chat/utils.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/chat/constants.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
app/components/base/checkbox/index.module.css
app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.module.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
app/components/base/copy-feedback/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/copy-feedback/style.module.css
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/base/copy-feedback/style.module.css
app/components/base/copy-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/calendar/days-of-week.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/hooks.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/calendar/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/calendar/days-of-week.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/calendar/item.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/calendar/item.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/utils/dayjs.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/common/option-list-item.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/date-picker/footer.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/date-picker/header.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/date-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/calendar/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/date-picker/footer.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/date-picker/header.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/header.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/options.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/utils/dayjs.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/year-and-month-picker/footer.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/year-and-month-picker/header.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/year-and-month-picker/options.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/utils/dayjs.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/footer.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/header.tsx
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/footer.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/header.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/options.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/utils/dayjs.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/options.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/common/option-list-item.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/utils/dayjs.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/year-and-month-picker/footer.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/year-and-month-picker/header.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/year-and-month-picker/options.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/common/option-list-item.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
app/components/base/dialog/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/drawer-plus/index.tsx
  app/components/base/drawer/index.tsx
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/drawer/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/dropdown/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
app/components/base/emoji-picker/Inner.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/emoji.ts
app/components/base/emoji-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/emoji-picker/Inner.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/features/context.tsx
  app/components/base/features/store.ts
app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/features/context.tsx
  app/components/base/features/store.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/annotation-reply/annotation-ctrl-button.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/annotation.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/conversation-opener/modal.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/confirm-add-var/index.tsx
  app/components/base/block-input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/debug.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/feature-bar.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/text-to-speech/voice-settings.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/moderation/form-generation.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  context/i18n.ts
  models/common.ts
  models/debug.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/moderation/moderation-content.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  models/debug.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/moderation/moderation-setting-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/moderation/form-generation.tsx
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/moderation/moderation-content.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/selector.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  context/modal-context.tsx
  i18n/language.ts
  models/common.ts
  models/debug.ts
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/text-to-speech/param-config-content.tsx
  app/components/base/audio-btn/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  i18n/language.ts
  service/apps.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/text-to-speech/voice-settings.tsx
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/text-to-speech/param-config-content.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
app/components/base/features/store.ts
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/features/types.ts
  models/common.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/file-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/index.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/audio-preview.tsx
app/components/base/file-uploader/constants.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/dynamic-pdf-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/pdf-preview.tsx
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-from-link-or-local/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/constants.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-input.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/store.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-image-render.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-input.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/store.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-list-in-log.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-image-render.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-attachment/file-item.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-attachment/file-item.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-image-render.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/progress-bar/progress-circle.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-attachment/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-from-link-or-local/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-input.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-attachment/file-item.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/store.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/file-image-item.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-image-render.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/progress-bar/progress-circle.tsx
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/file-item.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/audio-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/dynamic-pdf-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/video-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/progress-bar/progress-circle.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/file-list.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/file-image-item.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/file-item.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/store.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-from-link-or-local/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/constants.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/store.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-attachment/file-item.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-attachment/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/file-item.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/file-list.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-uploader-in-chat-input/index.tsx
app/components/base/file-uploader/pdf-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/store.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/app.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/base/file-uploader/video-preview.tsx
app/components/base/float-right-container/index.tsx
  app/components/base/drawer/index.tsx
app/components/base/grid-mask/index.tsx
  app/components/base/grid-mask/style.module.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/grid-mask/style.module.css
app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/utils.ts
app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/Robot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/Robot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/Robot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/User.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/User.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/User.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/Robot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/avatar/User.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/ArCube1.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/ArCube1.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/ArCube1.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Asterisk.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Asterisk.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Asterisk.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/AwsMarketplace.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/AwsMarketplace.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/AwsMarketplace.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Azure.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Azure.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Azure.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Buildings.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Buildings.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Buildings.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Diamond.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Diamond.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Diamond.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/GoogleCloud.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/GoogleCloud.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/GoogleCloud.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Group2.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Group2.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Group2.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Keyframe.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Keyframe.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Keyframe.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Sparkles.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Sparkles.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Sparkles.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/SparklesSoft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/SparklesSoft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/SparklesSoft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/ArCube1.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Asterisk.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/AwsMarketplace.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Azure.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Buildings.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Diamond.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/GoogleCloud.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Group2.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Keyframe.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/Sparkles.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/SparklesSoft.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/D.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/D.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/D.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/DiagonalDividingLine.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/DiagonalDividingLine.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/DiagonalDividingLine.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Dify.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Dify.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Dify.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Gdpr.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Gdpr.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Gdpr.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Github.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Github.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Github.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Highlight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Highlight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Highlight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Iso.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Iso.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Iso.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Line3.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Line3.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Line3.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Lock.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Lock.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Lock.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MessageChatSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MessageChatSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MessageChatSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MultiPathRetrieval.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MultiPathRetrieval.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MultiPathRetrieval.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/NTo1Retrieval.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/NTo1Retrieval.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/NTo1Retrieval.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Notion.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Notion.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Notion.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Soc2.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Soc2.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Soc2.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/SparklesSoft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/SparklesSoft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/SparklesSoft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/D.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/DiagonalDividingLine.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Dify.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Gdpr.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Github.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Highlight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Iso.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Line3.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Lock.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MessageChatSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/MultiPathRetrieval.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/NTo1Retrieval.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Notion.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/Soc2.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/SparklesSoft.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Csv.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Csv.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Csv.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Doc.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Doc.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Doc.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Docx.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Docx.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Docx.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Html.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Html.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Html.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Json.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Json.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Json.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Md.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Md.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Md.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Pdf.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Pdf.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Pdf.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Txt.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Txt.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Txt.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Unknown.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Unknown.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Unknown.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Xlsx.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Xlsx.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Xlsx.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Yaml.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Yaml.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Yaml.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Csv.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Doc.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Docx.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Html.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Json.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Md.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Pdf.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Txt.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Unknown.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Xlsx.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/files/Yaml.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Chunk.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Chunk.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Chunk.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Collapse.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Collapse.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Collapse.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/GeneralType.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/GeneralType.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/GeneralType.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/LayoutRight2LineMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/LayoutRight2LineMod.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/LayoutRight2LineMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/ParentChildType.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/ParentChildType.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/ParentChildType.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/SelectionMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/SelectionMod.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/SelectionMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Chunk.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/Collapse.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/GeneralType.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/LayoutRight2LineMod.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/ParentChildType.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/SelectionMod.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Anthropic.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Anthropic.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Anthropic.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicDark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicDark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicDark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicLight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicLight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicLight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiService.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiService.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiService.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiServiceText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiServiceText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiServiceText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Azureai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Azureai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Azureai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Baichuan.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Baichuan.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Baichuan.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/BaichuanText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/BaichuanText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/BaichuanText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Chatglm.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Chatglm.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Chatglm.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ChatglmText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ChatglmText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ChatglmText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Cohere.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Cohere.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Cohere.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/CohereText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/CohereText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/CohereText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt3.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt3.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt3.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt4.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt4.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt4.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Huggingface.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Huggingface.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Huggingface.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceTextHub.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceTextHub.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceTextHub.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSpark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSpark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSpark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkTextCn.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkTextCn.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkTextCn.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Jina.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Jina.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Jina.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/JinaText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/JinaText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/JinaText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Localai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Localai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Localai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/LocalaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/LocalaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/LocalaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Microsoft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Microsoft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Microsoft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlack.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlack.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlack.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlue.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlue.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlue.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiGreen.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiGreen.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiGreen.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiTransparent.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiTransparent.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiTransparent.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiViolet.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiViolet.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiViolet.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Openllm.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Openllm.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Openllm.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenllmText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenllmText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenllmText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Replicate.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Replicate.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Replicate.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ReplicateText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ReplicateText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ReplicateText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInference.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInference.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInference.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInferenceText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInferenceText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInferenceText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Zhipuai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Zhipuai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Zhipuai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiTextCn.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiTextCn.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiTextCn.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Anthropic.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicDark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicLight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AnthropicText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiService.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureOpenaiServiceText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Azureai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/AzureaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Baichuan.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/BaichuanText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Chatglm.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ChatglmText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Cohere.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/CohereText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt3.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Gpt4.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Huggingface.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/HuggingfaceTextHub.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSpark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/IflytekSparkTextCn.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Jina.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/JinaText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Localai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/LocalaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Microsoft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlack.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiBlue.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiGreen.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiTransparent.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenaiViolet.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Openllm.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/OpenllmText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Replicate.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ReplicateText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInference.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/XorbitsInferenceText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/Zhipuai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/ZhipuaiTextCn.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/DefaultToolIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/DefaultToolIcon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/DefaultToolIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Icon3Dots.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Icon3Dots.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Icon3Dots.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Message3Fill.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Message3Fill.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Message3Fill.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/RowStruct.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/RowStruct.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/RowStruct.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/DefaultToolIcon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Icon3Dots.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/Message3Fill.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/other/RowStruct.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerDark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerDark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerDark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerLight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerLight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerLight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedDark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedDark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedDark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedLight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedLight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedLight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Citations.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Citations.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Citations.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/ContentModeration.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/ContentModeration.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/ContentModeration.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Document.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Document.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Document.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/FolderUpload.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/FolderUpload.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/FolderUpload.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/LoveMessage.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/LoveMessage.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/LoveMessage.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/MessageFast.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/MessageFast.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/MessageFast.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Microphone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Microphone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Microphone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/TextToAudio.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/TextToAudio.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/TextToAudio.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/VirtualAssistant.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/VirtualAssistant.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/VirtualAssistant.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Vision.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Vision.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Vision.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Citations.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/ContentModeration.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Document.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/FolderUpload.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/LoveMessage.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/MessageFast.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Microphone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/TextToAudio.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/VirtualAssistant.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/features/Vision.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsDown.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsDown.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsDown.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsUp.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsUp.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsUp.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsDown.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/ThumbsUp.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowNarrowLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowNarrowLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowNarrowLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowUpRight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowUpRight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowUpRight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronDownDouble.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronDownDouble.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronDownDouble.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronRight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronRight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronRight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronSelectorVertical.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronSelectorVertical.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronSelectorVertical.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCcw01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCcw01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCcw01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCw05.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCw05.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCw05.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ReverseLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ReverseLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ReverseLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowNarrowLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ArrowUpRight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronDownDouble.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronRight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ChevronSelectorVertical.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCcw01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/RefreshCw05.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/ReverseLeft.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/AiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/AiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/AiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBotSlim.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBotSlim.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBotSlim.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/CuteRobot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/CuteRobot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/CuteRobot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageCheckRemove.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageCheckRemove.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageCheckRemove.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageFastPlus.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageFastPlus.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageFastPlus.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/AiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/ChatBotSlim.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/CuteRobot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageCheckRemove.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/MessageFastPlus.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/ArtificialBrain.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/ArtificialBrain.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/ArtificialBrain.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BarChartSquare02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BarChartSquare02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BarChartSquare02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BracketsX.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BracketsX.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BracketsX.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/CodeBrowser.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/CodeBrowser.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/CodeBrowser.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Container.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Container.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Container.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/FileHeart02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/FileHeart02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/FileHeart02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/GitBranch01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/GitBranch01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/GitBranch01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PromptEngineering.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PromptEngineering.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PromptEngineering.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PuzzlePiece01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PuzzlePiece01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PuzzlePiece01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/TerminalSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/TerminalSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/TerminalSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Variable.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Variable.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Variable.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Webhooks.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Webhooks.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Webhooks.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/ArtificialBrain.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BarChartSquare02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/BracketsX.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/CodeBrowser.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Container.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Database03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/FileHeart02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/GitBranch01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PromptEngineering.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/PuzzlePiece01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/TerminalSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Variable.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/Webhooks.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/AlignLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/AlignLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/AlignLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/BezierCurve03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/BezierCurve03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/BezierCurve03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/Colors.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/Colors.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/Colors.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/ImageIndentLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/ImageIndentLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/ImageIndentLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LeftIndent02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LeftIndent02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LeftIndent02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LetterSpacing01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LetterSpacing01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LetterSpacing01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/TypeSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/TypeSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/TypeSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/AlignLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/BezierCurve03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/Colors.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/ImageIndentLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LeftIndent02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/LetterSpacing01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/editor/TypeSquare.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/BookOpen01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/BookOpen01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/BookOpen01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/BookOpen01.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Clipboard.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Clipboard.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Clipboard.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/ClipboardCheck.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/ClipboardCheck.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/ClipboardCheck.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/File02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/File02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/File02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileArrow01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileArrow01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileArrow01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileCheck02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileCheck02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileCheck02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileDownload02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileDownload02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileDownload02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileUpload.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileUpload.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileUpload.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Folder.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Folder.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Folder.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Clipboard.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/ClipboardCheck.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/File02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileArrow01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileCheck02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileDownload02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FilePlus02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/FileUpload.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/Folder.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Balance.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Balance.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Balance.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/CoinsStacked01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/CoinsStacked01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/CoinsStacked01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/GoldCoin.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/GoldCoin.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/GoldCoin.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/ReceiptList.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/ReceiptList.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/ReceiptList.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Balance.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/CoinsStacked01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/GoldCoin.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/ReceiptList.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/Tag03.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/AtSign.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/AtSign.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/AtSign.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Bookmark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Bookmark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Bookmark.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Check.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Check.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Check.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/CheckDone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/CheckDone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/CheckDone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/ChecklistSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/ChecklistSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/ChecklistSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/DotsGrid.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/DotsGrid.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/DotsGrid.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit05.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit05.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit05.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Hash02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Hash02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Hash02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/InfoCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/InfoCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/InfoCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Link03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Link03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Link03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LinkExternal02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LinkExternal02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LinkExternal02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogIn04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogIn04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogIn04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Menu01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Menu01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Menu01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Plus02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Plus02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Plus02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Refresh.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Refresh.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Refresh.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Target04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Target04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Target04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Upload03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Upload03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Upload03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/UploadCloud01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/UploadCloud01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/UploadCloud01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/X.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/X.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/X.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/AtSign.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Bookmark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Check.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/CheckDone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/ChecklistSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/DotsGrid.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Edit05.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Hash02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/InfoCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Link03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LinkExternal02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogIn04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/LogOut04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Menu01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Pin02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Plus02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Refresh.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Settings04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Target04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/Upload03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/UploadCloud01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/X.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/images/ImagePlus.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/images/ImagePlus.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/images/ImagePlus.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/images/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/images/ImagePlus.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/PlayCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/PlayCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/PlayCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/SlidersH.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/SlidersH.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/SlidersH.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Stop.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Stop.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Stop.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/PlayCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/SlidersH.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/Stop.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Apps02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Apps02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Apps02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/BubbleX.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/BubbleX.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/BubbleX.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Colors.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Colors.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Colors.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/DragHandle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/DragHandle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/DragHandle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Env.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Env.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Env.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Exchange02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Exchange02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Exchange02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/FileCode.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/FileCode.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/FileCode.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/GlobalVariable.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/GlobalVariable.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/GlobalVariable.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Icon3Dots.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Icon3Dots.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Icon3Dots.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowLeft.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowRight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowRight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowRight.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Tools.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Tools.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Tools.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Apps02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/BubbleX.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Colors.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/DragHandle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Env.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Exchange02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/FileCode.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/GlobalVariable.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Icon3Dots.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowLeft.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/LongArrowRight.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/Tools.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/shapes/CubeOutline.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/shapes/CubeOutline.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/shapes/CubeOutline.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/shapes/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/shapes/CubeOutline.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/AnthropicText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/AnthropicText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/AnthropicText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Generator.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Generator.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Generator.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Group.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Group.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Group.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Openai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Openai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Openai.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/ReplayLine.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/ReplayLine.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/ReplayLine.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/AnthropicText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Generator.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Group.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/Openai.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/ReplayLine.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/BoxSparkleFill.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/BoxSparkleFill.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/BoxSparkleFill.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/LeftCorner.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/LeftCorner.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/LeftCorner.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/BoxSparkleFill.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/LeftCorner.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/GoldCoin.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/GoldCoin.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/GoldCoin.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/Scales02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/Scales02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/Scales02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/GoldCoin.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/Scales02.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/AlertTriangle.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/AiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/AiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/AiText.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/BubbleTextMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/BubbleTextMod.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/BubbleTextMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ChatBot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ChatBot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ChatBot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/CuteRobot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/CuteRobot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/CuteRobot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/EditList.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/EditList.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/EditList.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ListSparkle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ListSparkle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ListSparkle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Logic.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Logic.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Logic.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageDotsCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageDotsCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageDotsCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageFast.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageFast.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageFast.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageHeartCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageHeartCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageHeartCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageSmileSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageSmileSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageSmileSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Send03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Send03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Send03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/AiText.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/BubbleTextMod.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ChatBot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/CuteRobot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/EditList.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/ListSparkle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Logic.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageDotsCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageFast.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageHeartCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/MessageSmileSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/Send03.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnection.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnection.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnection.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnectionMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnectionMod.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnectionMod.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/BarChartSquare02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/BarChartSquare02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/BarChartSquare02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Container.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Container.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Container.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/FileHeart02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/FileHeart02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/FileHeart02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PatternRecognition.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PatternRecognition.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PatternRecognition.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PromptEngineering.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PromptEngineering.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PromptEngineering.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PuzzlePiece01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PuzzlePiece01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PuzzlePiece01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Semantic.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Semantic.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Semantic.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/TerminalSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/TerminalSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/TerminalSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Variable02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Variable02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Variable02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnection.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/ApiConnectionMod.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/BarChartSquare02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Container.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Database03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/FileHeart02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PatternRecognition.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PromptEngineering.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/PuzzlePiece01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Semantic.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/TerminalSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/Variable02.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Brush01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Brush01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Brush01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Citations.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Citations.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Citations.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Colors.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Colors.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Colors.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Paragraph.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Paragraph.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Paragraph.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/TypeSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/TypeSquare.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/TypeSquare.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Brush01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Citations.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Colors.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/Paragraph.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/TypeSquare.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/File05.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/File05.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/File05.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileSearch02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileSearch02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileSearch02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileZip.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileZip.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileZip.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/Folder.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/Folder.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/Folder.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/File05.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileSearch02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/FileZip.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/Folder.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/AnswerTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/AnswerTriangle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/AnswerTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckDone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckDone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckDone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Download02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Download02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Download02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Eye.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Eye.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Eye.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Github.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Github.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Github.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/MessageClockCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/MessageClockCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/MessageClockCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/PlusCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/PlusCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/PlusCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/QuestionTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/QuestionTriangle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/QuestionTriangle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/SearchMd.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/SearchMd.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/SearchMd.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Target04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Target04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Target04.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Tool03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Tool03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Tool03.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/XCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/XCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/XCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapFast.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapFast.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapFast.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapNarrow.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapNarrow.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapNarrow.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/AnswerTriangle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/CheckDone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Download02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Edit04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Eye.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Github.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/MessageClockCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/PlusCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/QuestionTriangle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/SearchMd.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Target04.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/Tool03.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/XCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapFast.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/ZapNarrow.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/AudioSupportIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/AudioSupportIcon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/AudioSupportIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/DocumentSupportIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/DocumentSupportIcon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/DocumentSupportIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicBox.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicBox.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicBox.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicEyes.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicEyes.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicEyes.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicWand.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicWand.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicWand.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Play.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Play.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Play.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Robot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Robot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Robot.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Sliders02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Sliders02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Sliders02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/VideoSupportIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/VideoSupportIcon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/VideoSupportIcon.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/AudioSupportIcon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/DocumentSupportIcon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicBox.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicEyes.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/MagicWand.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Microphone01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Play.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Robot.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Sliders02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/Speaker.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/StopCircle.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/VideoSupportIcon.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/Lock01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/Lock01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/Lock01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/Lock01.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/User01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/User01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/User01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UserEdit02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UserEdit02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UserEdit02.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/Users01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/Users01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/Users01.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UsersPlus.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UsersPlus.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UsersPlus.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/User01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UserEdit02.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/Users01.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/UsersPlus.tsx
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Agent.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Agent.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Agent.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Answer.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Answer.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Answer.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Assigner.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Assigner.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Assigner.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Code.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Code.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Code.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/DocsExtractor.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/DocsExtractor.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/DocsExtractor.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/End.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/End.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/End.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Home.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Home.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Home.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Http.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Http.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Http.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IfElse.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IfElse.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IfElse.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Iteration.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Iteration.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Iteration.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IterationStart.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IterationStart.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IterationStart.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Jinja.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Jinja.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Jinja.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/KnowledgeRetrieval.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/KnowledgeRetrieval.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/KnowledgeRetrieval.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ListFilter.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ListFilter.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ListFilter.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Llm.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Llm.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Llm.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Loop.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Loop.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Loop.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/LoopEnd.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/LoopEnd.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/LoopEnd.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ParameterExtractor.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ParameterExtractor.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ParameterExtractor.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/QuestionClassifier.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/QuestionClassifier.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/QuestionClassifier.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/TemplatingTransform.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/TemplatingTransform.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/TemplatingTransform.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/VariableX.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/VariableX.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/IconBase.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/VariableX.json
app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Agent.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Answer.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Assigner.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Code.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/DocsExtractor.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/End.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Home.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Http.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IfElse.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Iteration.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/IterationStart.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Jinja.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/KnowledgeRetrieval.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ListFilter.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Llm.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/Loop.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/LoopEnd.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/ParameterExtractor.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/QuestionClassifier.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/TemplatingTransform.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/VariableX.tsx
app/components/base/icons/utils.ts
app/components/base/image-gallery/index.tsx
  app/components/base/image-gallery/style.module.css
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-preview.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/image-gallery/style.module.css
app/components/base/image-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/image-uploader/image-link-input.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/image-uploader/image-list.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/image-uploader/image-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/base/image-uploader/text-generation-image-uploader.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/images/index.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-link-input.tsx
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-list.tsx
  app/components/base/image-uploader/uploader.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/image-uploader/uploader.tsx
  app/components/base/image-uploader/hooks.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/base/image-uploader/utils.ts
  service/base.ts
app/components/base/input-number/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/list-empty/horizontal-line.tsx
app/components/base/list-empty/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/list-empty/horizontal-line.tsx
  app/components/base/list-empty/vertical-line.tsx
app/components/base/list-empty/vertical-line.tsx
app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/style.css
app/components/base/loading/style.css
app/components/base/logo/logo-site.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/markdown-blocks/button.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/markdown-blocks/form.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/context.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/date-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/time-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
app/components/base/markdown-blocks/think-block.tsx
app/components/base/markdown.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/audio-gallery/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/context.tsx
  app/components/base/copy-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/image-gallery/index.tsx
  app/components/base/markdown-blocks/button.tsx
  app/components/base/markdown-blocks/form.tsx
  app/components/base/markdown-blocks/think-block.tsx
  app/components/base/mermaid/index.tsx
  app/components/base/svg-gallery/index.tsx
  app/components/base/svg/index.tsx
  app/components/base/video-gallery/index.tsx
  hooks/use-theme.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/mermaid/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/loading-anim/index.tsx
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-preview.tsx
  app/components/base/mermaid/utils.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/mermaid/utils.ts
app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/new-audio-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/audio-btn/audio.player.manager.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/base/notion-icon/index.module.css
app/components/base/notion-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/notion-icon/index.module.css
  models/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/param-item/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input-number/index.tsx
  app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/base/param-item/score-threshold-item.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/index.tsx
app/components/base/param-item/top-k-item.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/index.tsx
app/components/base/popover/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/premium-badge/index.css
app/components/base/premium-badge/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/premium-badge/index.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/progress-bar/progress-circle.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/on-blur-or-focus-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/placeholder.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/update-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-value-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-value-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/hooks.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/menu.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/prompt-option.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/variable-option.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/hooks.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/menu.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  context/event-emitter.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/menu.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/prompt-option.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/component-picker-block/variable-option.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/component.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/index.tsx
  context/event-emitter.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/context-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/context-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/component.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/index.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/component.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/index.tsx
  context/event-emitter.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/history-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/history-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/component.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/index.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/on-blur-or-focus-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/index.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/placeholder.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/component.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/index.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/query-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/component.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/query-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/query-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/update-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-value-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-value-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-value-block/utils.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-value-block/node.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/variable-value-block/utils.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/component.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/workflow-variable-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/component.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/workflow-variable-block-replacement-block.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/workflow-variable-block/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
  config/index.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/context-block/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/history-block/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-editor/utils.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/custom-text/node.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/types.ts
app/components/base/prompt-log-modal/card.tsx
  app/components/base/copy-feedback/index.tsx
app/components/base/prompt-log-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/copy-feedback/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-log-modal/card.tsx
app/components/base/radio-card/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/radio/component/group/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/context/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/style.module.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/radio/component/radio/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/context/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/style.module.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/radio/context/index.tsx
app/components/base/radio/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/component/group/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/component/radio/index.tsx
app/components/base/radio/style.module.css
app/components/base/radio/ui.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/search-input/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/select/pure.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/simple-pie-chart/index.module.css
app/components/base/simple-pie-chart/index.tsx
  app/components/base/simple-pie-chart/index.module.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/skeleton/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/slider/style.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/slider/style.css
app/components/base/spinner/index.tsx
app/components/base/svg-gallery/index.tsx
  app/components/base/image-uploader/image-preview.tsx
app/components/base/svg/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/svg/style.module.css
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/svg/style.module.css
app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/tab-slider-plain/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/tab-slider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  service/use-plugins.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/tag-input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/tag-management/constant.ts
app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/tooltip/content.tsx
app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/video-gallery/VideoPlayer.module.css
app/components/base/video-gallery/VideoPlayer.tsx
  app/components/base/video-gallery/VideoPlayer.module.css
app/components/base/video-gallery/index.tsx
  app/components/base/video-gallery/VideoPlayer.tsx
app/components/base/voice-input/index.module.css
app/components/base/voice-input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/index.ts
  app/components/base/voice-input/index.module.css
  app/components/base/voice-input/utils.ts
  service/share.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/base/voice-input/utils.ts
app/components/billing/annotation-full/index.tsx
  app/components/base/grid-mask/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/annotation-full/style.module.css
  app/components/billing/annotation-full/usage.tsx
  app/components/billing/upgrade-btn/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/billing/annotation-full/modal.tsx
  app/components/base/grid-mask/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/annotation-full/style.module.css
  app/components/billing/annotation-full/usage.tsx
  app/components/billing/upgrade-btn/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/billing/annotation-full/style.module.css
app/components/billing/annotation-full/usage.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/communication/index.ts
  app/components/billing/usage-info/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
app/components/billing/billing-page/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/plan/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/billing.ts
app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/type.ts
app/components/billing/plan/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  app/components/billing/upgrade-btn/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/usage-info/apps-info.tsx
  app/components/billing/usage-info/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/usage-info/vector-space-info.tsx
  app/education-apply/constants.ts
  app/education-apply/verify-state-modal.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/use-education.ts
app/components/billing/pricing/index.tsx
  app/components/base/grid-mask/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tab-slider/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/pricing/plan-item.tsx
  app/components/billing/pricing/select-plan-range.tsx
  app/components/billing/pricing/self-hosted-plan-item.tsx
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/billing/pricing/plan-item.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/index.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/pricing/select-plan-range.tsx
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  service/billing.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/billing/pricing/select-plan-range.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
app/components/billing/pricing/self-hosted-plan-item.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/billing/index.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/pricing/select-plan-range.tsx
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/billing/progress-bar/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/billing/type.ts
app/components/billing/upgrade-btn/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/premium-badge/index.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
app/components/billing/usage-info/apps-info.tsx
  app/components/billing/usage-info/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
app/components/billing/usage-info/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/progress-bar/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/billing/usage-info/vector-space-info.tsx
  app/components/billing/usage-info/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
app/components/billing/utils/index.ts
  app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/type.ts
app/components/custom/custom-page/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  app/components/custom/custom-web-app-brand/index.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
app/components/custom/custom-web-app-brand/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/communication/index.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/logo/logo-site.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/custom/style.module.css
app/components/datasets/chunk.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/knowledge/index.ts
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/datasets/common/check-rerank-model.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/datasets/common/document-file-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
app/components/datasets/common/document-picker/document-list.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/document-file-icon.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/common/document-picker/preview-document-picker.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/document-file-icon.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/document-picker/document-list.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/common/economical-retrieval-method-config/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/retrieval-param-config/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/icons.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/option-card.tsx
  types/app.ts
app/components/datasets/common/retrieval-method-config/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/retrieval-param-config/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/option-card-effect-purple.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/icons.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/option-card.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  context/provider-context.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/datasets/common/retrieval-param-config/index.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/params-config/weighted-score.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/score-threshold-item.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/top-k-item.tsx
  app/components/base/radio-card/index.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/progress-indicator.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/rerank.svg
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/create/assets/family-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/file-list-3-fill.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/gold.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/note-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/option-card-effect-orange.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/option-card-effect-purple.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/pattern-recognition-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/piggy-bank-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/progress-indicator.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/rerank.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/research-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/selection-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/assets/setting-gear-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/icons.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/gold.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/pattern-recognition-mod.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/piggy-bank-mod.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/research-mod.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/selection-mod.svg
app/components/datasets/create/step-two/escape.ts
app/components/datasets/create/step-two/index.module.css
app/components/datasets/create/step-two/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/dialog/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/float-right-container/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio-card/index.tsx
  app/components/base/skeleton/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/chunk.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/check-rerank-model.ts
  app/components/datasets/common/document-picker/preview-document-picker.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/economical-retrieval-method-config/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/common/retrieval-method-config/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/family-mod.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/file-list-3-fill.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/note-mod.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/option-card-effect-orange.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/assets/setting-gear-mod.svg
  app/components/datasets/create/icons.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/escape.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/index.module.css
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/inputs.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/language-select/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/option-card.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/unescape.ts
  app/components/datasets/formatted-text/flavours/preview-slice.tsx
  app/components/datasets/formatted-text/formatted.tsx
  app/components/datasets/preview/container.tsx
  app/components/datasets/preview/header.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  config/index.ts
  context/dataset-detail.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  models/common.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  service/knowledge/use-create-dataset.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/create/step-two/inputs.tsx
  app/components/base/input-number/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/datasets/create/step-two/language-select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/popover/index.tsx
  i18n/language.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/create/step-two/option-card.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/create/step-two/unescape.ts
app/components/datasets/create/website/base/field.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/website/base/input.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/create/website/base/input.tsx
app/components/datasets/create/website/index.module.css
app/components/datasets/external-api/declarations.ts
app/components/datasets/external-api/external-api-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/external-api/declarations.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/external-api/external-api-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/external-api/declarations.ts
  app/components/datasets/external-api/external-api-modal/Form.tsx
  service/datasets.ts
app/components/datasets/external-knowledge-base/create/RetrievalSettings.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/score-threshold-item.tsx
  app/components/base/param-item/top-k-item.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/external-knowledge-base/create/declarations.ts
app/components/datasets/formatted-text/flavours/preview-slice.tsx
  app/components/datasets/formatted-text/flavours/shared.tsx
  app/components/datasets/formatted-text/flavours/type.ts
app/components/datasets/formatted-text/flavours/shared.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/formatted-text/flavours/type.ts
app/components/datasets/formatted-text/formatted.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/metadata/types.ts
app/components/datasets/preview/container.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/preview/header.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/settings/index-method-radio/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/icons.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/option-card.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/datasets/settings/permission-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/avatar/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/users/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/empty.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/empty.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/item.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/item.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/education/index.ts
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/selector.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-notion/index.tsx
  app/components/base/notion-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/types.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-notion/operate/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/config-firecrawl-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/website/base/field.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/datasets.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/config-jina-reader-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/website/base/field.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/datasets.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/config-watercrawl-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/website/base/field.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/datasets.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/create/website/index.module.css
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/config-firecrawl-modal.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/config-jina-reader-modal.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/config-watercrawl-modal.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/types.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/datasets.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-notion/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-website/index.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/config-item.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/data-source-notion/operate/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/style.module.css
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/types.ts
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/config-item.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/style.module.css
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/types.ts
  models/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/style.module.css
app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/panel/types.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/billing-page/index.tsx
  app/components/custom/custom-page/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/data-source-page/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/language-page/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/menu-dialog.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/ValidateStatus.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/declarations.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/declarations.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/language-page/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/i18n.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  service/common.ts
  utils/timezone.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/edit-workspace-modal/index.module.css
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/edit-workspace-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/edit-workspace-modal/index.module.css
  context/app-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/index.tsx
  app/components/base/avatar/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  app/components/billing/upgrade-btn/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/edit-workspace-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invite-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/operation/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/i18n.ts
  context/provider-context.tsx
  i18n/language.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invite-modal/index.module.css
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invite-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invite-modal/index.module.css
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invite-modal/role-selector.tsx
  config/index.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invite-modal/role-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/index.module.css
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/index.module.css
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/invitation-link.tsx
  config/index.ts
  models/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/invitation-link.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/index.module.css
  app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/invited-modal/index.tsx
  utils/index.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/members-page/operation/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/menu-dialog.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  context/i18n.ts
  context/modal-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/install-from-marketplace.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/system-model-selector/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/install-from-marketplace.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/list/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/provider-card.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  i18n/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-badge/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  i18n/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/ui.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/ValidateStatus.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Input.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/multiple-tool-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Input.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-load-balancing-configs.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/model-load-balancing-entry-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/security/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-badge/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/feature-icon.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/agent-model-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/configuration-button.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/model-display.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/status-indicators.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/install-plugin-button.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/use-plugins.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/configuration-button.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/parameter-item.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/presets-parameter.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/trigger.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  config/index.ts
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/model-display.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/parameter-item.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tag-input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/presets-parameter.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/dropdown/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/FinanceAndECommerce/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/editor/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  config/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/status-indicators.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/switch-plugin-version.tsx
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/mediaAndDevices/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/deprecated-model-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/empty-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/shapes/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/feature-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-badge/index.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/deprecated-model-trigger.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/empty-trigger.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/model-trigger.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/popup.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/model-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/popup-item.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-badge/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  context/modal-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/popup.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/popup-item.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
  utils/tool-call.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/add-model-button.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/cooldown-timer.tsx
  app/components/base/simple-pie-chart/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/credential-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/priority-selector.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/priority-use-tip.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-badge/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/add-model-button.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/credential-panel.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-list.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/quota-panel.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  config/index.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-list-item.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-badge/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-list.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/add-model-button.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-list-item.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/modal-context.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-load-balancing-configs.tsx
  app/components/base/grid-mask/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/alertsAndFeedback/index.ts
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/upgrade-btn/index.tsx
  app/components/custom/style.module.css
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/cooldown-timer.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  config/index.ts
  context/modal-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-load-balancing-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-name/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-load-balancing-configs.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/priority-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/priority-use-tip.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/quota-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/priority-use-tip.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/llm/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  hooks/use-theme.ts
  i18n/index.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/system-model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/utils.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/key-validator/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  service/common.ts
app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/header/maintenance-notice.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  i18n/language.ts
app/components/plugins/base/badges/icon-with-tooltip.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/base/badges/partner.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerDark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/PartnerLight.tsx
  app/components/plugins/base/badges/icon-with-tooltip.tsx
  hooks/use-theme.ts
app/components/plugins/base/badges/verified.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedDark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/plugins/VerifiedLight.tsx
  app/components/plugins/base/badges/icon-with-tooltip.tsx
  hooks/use-theme.ts
app/components/plugins/card/base/card-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/card/base/corner-mark.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/plugin/index.ts
app/components/plugins/card/base/description.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/card/base/download-count.tsx
  utils/format.ts
app/components/plugins/card/base/org-info.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/card/base/placeholder.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/skeleton/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/title.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/card/base/title.tsx
app/components/plugins/card/card-more-info.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/download-count.tsx
app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/base/badges/partner.tsx
  app/components/plugins/base/badges/verified.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/card-icon.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/corner-mark.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/description.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/org-info.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/placeholder.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/title.tsx
  app/components/plugins/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  i18n/index.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/constants.ts
app/components/plugins/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/constants.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/check-task-status.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/plugins.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/installed.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/loading-error.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/plugins/card/base/placeholder.tsx
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/loading.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/placeholder.tsx
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  config/index.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/version.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  service/plugins.ts
  utils/semver.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-check-installed.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-fold-anim-into.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-hide-logic.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-fold-anim-into.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-refresh-plugin-list.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  context/provider-context.tsx
  service/use-plugins.ts
  service/use-strategy.ts
  service/use-tools.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/github-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/loading.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/loaded-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/loaded-item.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/version.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  config/index.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/marketplace-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/loading.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/loaded-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/package-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/loading-error.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/loaded-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/ready-to-install.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/steps/install.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/steps/installed.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/steps/install-multi.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/loading-error.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-check-installed.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/github-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/marketplace-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/item/package-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/steps/install.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-refresh-plugin-list.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/steps/install-multi.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/steps/installed.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  config/index.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/installed.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-hide-logic.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-refresh-plugin-list.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/steps/loaded.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/steps/selectPackage.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/steps/setURL.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/steps/loaded.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/check-task-status.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/version.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-check-installed.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/plugins.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/steps/selectPackage.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/steps/setURL.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-marketplace/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/installed.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-hide-logic.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-refresh-plugin-list.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-bundle/ready-to-install.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-marketplace/steps/install.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-marketplace/steps/install.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/check-task-status.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/version.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-check-installed.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/constants.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/context.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/constants.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/plugin-type-switch.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/utils.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/empty/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/empty/line.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/empty/line.tsx
app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  i18n/i18next-config.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/list/card-wrapper.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/card-more-info.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-marketplace/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/list/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/empty/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/list/card-wrapper.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/list/list-with-collection.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/list/list-with-collection.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/list/card-wrapper.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/plugin-type-switch.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/context.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/search-box/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/search-box/tags-filter.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/search-box/tags-filter.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/marketplace/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/plugin-type-switch.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  config/index.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-inputs-form.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-inputs-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-inputs-form.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/use-apps.ts
  service/use-common.ts
  service/use-workflow.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-picker.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-inputs-panel.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-picker.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/app-trigger.tsx
  service/use-apps.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/agent-model-trigger.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/trigger.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/llm-params-panel.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/tts-params-panel.tsx
  context/provider-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/llm-params-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/parameter-item.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/presets-parameter.tsx
  config/index.ts
  service/common.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/tts-params-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  i18n/language.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/multiple-tool-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/hooks.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tab-slider-plain/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/reasoning-config-form.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/tool-credentials-form.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/tool-item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/tool-trigger.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/tools/utils/to-form-schema.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  service/use-plugins.ts
  service/use-tools.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/reasoning-config-form.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-support-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/tool-credentials-form.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/tools/utils/to-form-schema.ts
  hooks/use-i18n.ts
  service/tools.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/tool-item.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/content.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/install-plugin-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/switch-plugin-version.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/tool-trigger.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-mutation-model/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/plugin-page/use-permission.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/provider-card.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/card-icon.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/description.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/download-count.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/base/title.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-marketplace/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  hooks/use-i18n.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  i18n/index.ts
app/components/plugins/update-plugin/from-github.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-github/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
app/components/plugins/update-plugin/from-market-place.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/card/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/check-task-status.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/plugins.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
app/components/plugins/update-plugin/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/update-plugin/from-github.tsx
  app/components/plugins/update-plugin/from-market-place.tsx
app/components/plugins/update-plugin/plugin-version-picker.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  hooks/use-timestamp.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/plugins/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/constants.ts
app/components/share/text-generation/info-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  config/index.ts
  models/share.ts
app/components/share/text-generation/menu-dropdown.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/share/text-generation/info-modal.tsx
  models/share.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/share/utils.ts
  app/components/base/chat/constants.ts
  app/components/base/chat/utils.ts
  service/share.ts
app/components/tools/add-tool-modal/empty.tsx
app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/config-credentials.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/drawer-plus/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/radio/ui.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/examples.ts
app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/get-schema.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/examples.ts
  service/tools.ts
app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/modal.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/emoji-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/config-credentials.tsx
  app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/get-schema.tsx
  app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/test-api.tsx
  app/components/tools/labels/selector.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  service/tools.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/test-api.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/drawer-plus/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/config-credentials.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  service/tools.ts
app/components/tools/labels/constant.ts
app/components/tools/labels/selector.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/financeAndECommerce/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/hooks.ts
  app/components/tools/labels/constant.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/tools/setting/build-in/config-credentials.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/drawer-plus/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/tools/utils/to-form-schema.ts
  service/tools.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
app/components/tools/utils/index.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/tools/utils/to-form-schema.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/app-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/all-tools.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/market-place-plugin/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tools.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/view-type-select.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  context/i18n.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/blocks.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/constants.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/constants.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/constants.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/index-bar.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/search-box/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tabs.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/market-place-plugin/action.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  config/index.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/market-place-plugin/item.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/install-from-marketplace/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/market-place-plugin/action.tsx
  context/i18n.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/market-place-plugin/list.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/market-place-plugin/item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/use-sticky-scroll.ts
  config/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tabs.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/all-tools.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/use-tools.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool-picker.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/search-box/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/edit-custom-collection-modal/modal.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/all-tools.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/tools.ts
  service/use-tools.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/action-item.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool-list-flat-view/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/view-type-select.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool-list-tree-view/item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/view-type-select.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool-list-tree-view/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/index-bar.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool-list-tree-view/item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/action-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/view-type-select.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/tools.tsx
  app/components/tools/add-tool-modal/empty.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/index-bar.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool-list-flat-view/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tool/tool-list-tree-view/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/view-type-select.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/use-sticky-scroll.ts
app/components/workflow/block-selector/view-type-select.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-end/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/context.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
app/components/workflow/datasets-detail-store/provider.tsx
  app/components/workflow/datasets-detail-store/store.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/datasets-detail-store/store.ts
  app/components/workflow/datasets-detail-store/provider.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/help-line/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-checklist.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-edges-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-node-data-update.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-data.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-layout.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-sync-draft.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-panel-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-selection-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-shortcuts.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-history.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-mode.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-start-run.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-template.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-variables.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-checklist.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/datasets-detail-store/store.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-data.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  service/datasets.ts
  service/use-strategy.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-config-vision.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-edges-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-sync-draft.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-history.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-helpline.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-node-data-update.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-sync-draft.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-data.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-helpline.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-sync-draft.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-history.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/use-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/use-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/note-node/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/workflow-history-store.tsx
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-layout.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-sync-draft.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-sync-draft.ts
  app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  service/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-panel-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-selection-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-shortcuts.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/workflow-history-store.tsx
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-history.ts
  app/components/workflow/workflow-history-store.tsx
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-interactions.ts
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-edges-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-sync-draft.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-history.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  service/apps.ts
  service/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-mode.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-agent-log.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-failed.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-finished.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-finished.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-iteration-finished.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-iteration-next.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-iteration-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-loop-finished.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-loop-next.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-loop-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-retry.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-text-chunk.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-text-replace.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-agent-log.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-failed.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-finished.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-finished.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-iteration-finished.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-iteration-next.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-iteration-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-loop-finished.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-loop-next.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-loop-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-retry.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-node-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-run-event.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/index.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-started.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-text-chunk.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-text-replace.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run.ts
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/base/audio-btn/audio.player.manager.ts
  app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-run-event/use-workflow-run-event.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/base.ts
  service/workflow.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-start-run.tsx
  app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-template.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-data.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-variables.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow.ts
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-nodes-data.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-workflow-template.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/note-node/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  service/tools.ts
  service/use-workflow.ts
  service/workflow.ts
  types/workflow.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/add-button.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/add-variable-popup.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/agent-strategy-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/search-input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/content.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/market-place-plugin/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/tools.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/view-type-select.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/agent-strategy.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/install-plugin-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/switch-plugin-version.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/use-strategy.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/agent-strategy.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/base/input-number/index.tsx
  app/components/base/list-empty/index.tsx
  app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/multiple-tool-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/tool-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/agent-strategy-selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  hooks/use-i18n.ts
  i18n/language.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form-item.tsx
  app/components/base/features/hooks.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/image-uploader/text-generation-image-uploader.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/text-editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/mediaAndDevices/index.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/special-result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/code-generator-button.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config/code-generator/get-code-generator-res.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  service/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/field-collapse.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/index.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/field-collapse.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/config-vision.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/resolution-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/base.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-prompt/prompt-editor-height-resize-wrap.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/file-list-in-log.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/types.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/code-generator-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/wrap.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/toggle-expand-btn.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-toggle-expend.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/editor-support-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/base.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/style.css
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  hooks/use-theme.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/style.css
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/text-editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/base.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/wrap.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/error-handle-tip.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/file-type-item.tsx
  app/components/base/checkbox/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/tag-input/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/file-upload-setting.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/field.tsx
  app/components/base/file-uploader/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/file-type-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-number-with-slider.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/option-card.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/common.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/format.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/group.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/info-panel.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-number-with-slider.tsx
  app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-support-select-var.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-var-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/install-plugin-button.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  service/use-plugins.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/list-no-data-placeholder.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/memory-config.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/node-handle.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/node-status-icon.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/option-card.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/index.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/plugins/update-block.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/editor-support-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/wrap.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/toggle-expand-btn.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-toggle-expend.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/prompt-generator-btn.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/event-emitter.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/readonly-input-with-select-var.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-button.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-effect-var-confirm.tsx
  app/components/base/confirm/index.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/retry/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/selector.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/setting-item.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/switch-plugin-version.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/badge/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/utils.ts
  app/components/plugins/plugin-mutation-model/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/update-plugin/plugin-version-picker.tsx
  config/index.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/toggle-expand-btn.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable-tag.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/constant-field.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/output-var-list.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-type-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  models/debug.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-list.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/constant-field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-popup.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-popup.tsx
  app/components/base/list-empty/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  i18n/language.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/arrows/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-type-picker.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-info.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-help-link.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-info.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/base.ts
  service/workflow.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-output-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-toggle-expend.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/components/model-bar.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/components/tool-icon.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  service/use-tools.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/get-icon.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/default.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  i18n/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/node.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/group.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/setting-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/components/model-bar.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/components/tool-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  hooks/use-i18n.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/panel.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/tools/utils/to-form-schema.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/agent-strategy.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/memory-config.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/use-plugins.ts
  service/use-strategy.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/info-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/readonly-input-with-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/components/operation-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/divider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/components/var-list/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/list-no-data-placeholder.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/components/operation-selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/node-variable-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/components/var-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/code/code-parser.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/code/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/code/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/code/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-effect-var-confirm.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/output-var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/code-parser.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/code/use-config.ts
  app/components/app/store.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-output-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/agent/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/answer/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/assigner/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/node-variable-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-help-link.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  context/i18n.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  service/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/document-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/end/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/end/node.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/end/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/end/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/end/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/end/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/api-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-support-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/authorization/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-support-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/authorization/radio-group.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/authorization/radio-group.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/curl-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/edit-body/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/key-value-edit/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/key-value-edit/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/key-value-edit/item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/key-value-edit/input-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-support-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/key-value-edit/item.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/key-value-edit/input-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/timeout/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/hooks/use-key-value-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/readonly-input-with-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/api-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/authorization/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/curl-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/edit-body/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/key-value/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/components/timeout/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/hooks/use-key-value-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/http/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/http/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-add.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-files-list-value.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-input.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-item.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-operator.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-var-selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-number-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-wrap.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-operator.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-var-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable-tag.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-number-input.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable-tag.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-value.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-wrap.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-add.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/node-handle.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-files-list-value.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-value.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-wrap.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/use-is-var-file-attribute.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/use-is-var-file-attribute.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/constants.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/node-handle.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/add-block.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/node.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/add-block.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/use-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/slider/index.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/use-config.ts
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/use-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/add-dataset.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/select-dataset/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/dataset-item.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/settings-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/drawer/index.tsx
  app/components/base/file-icon/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/index.ts
  hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
  hooks/use-knowledge.ts
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/dataset-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/dataset-item.tsx
  context/app-context.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
  utils/permission.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/add-condition.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-common-variable-selector.tsx.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-date.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/date-picker/index.tsx
  app/components/base/date-and-time-picker/types.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-date.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-number.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-operator.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-string.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-number.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-common-variable-selector.tsx.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-value-method.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-variable-selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-operator.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-string.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-common-variable-selector.tsx.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-value-method.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-variable-selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-value-method.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-variable-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable-tag.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/condition-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-filter/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-filter/metadata-filter-selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-trigger.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-filter/metadata-filter-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/add-condition.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/condition-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/retrieval-config.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/dataset-config/params-config/config-content.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/utils.ts
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/node.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/files/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/datasets-detail-store/store.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/datasets.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/add-dataset.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/dataset-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/metadata/metadata-filter/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/components/retrieval-config.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/use-config.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/datasets-detail-store/store.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  service/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/extract-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-support-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/filter-condition.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/components/condition-list/condition-operator.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/sub-variable-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/limit-config.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-number-with-slider.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/sub-variable-picker.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/constants.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/node-variable-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/option-card.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/extract-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/filter-condition.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/limit-config.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/components/sub-variable-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/list-operator/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/config-prompt-item.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/debug.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/config-prompt.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/config-prompt-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/prompt-generator-btn.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config/automatic/get-automatic-res.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/other/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/resolution-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/option-card.tsx
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/node.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/config-vision.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/memory-config.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/components/config-prompt.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/use-config.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-config-vision.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-end/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/simple-node/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/constants.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/index.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/node-handle.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/add-block.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-add.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-input.tsx
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-item.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-operator.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-var-selector.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-number-input.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-wrap.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-operator.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-var-selector.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable-tag.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/condition-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-number-input.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable-tag.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-wrap.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-add.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/empty.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/form-item.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/empty.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/input-mode-selec.tsx
  app/components/base/select/pure.tsx
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/item.tsx
  app/components/base/action-button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/form-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/input-mode-selec.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/variable-type-select.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/variable-type-select.tsx
  app/components/base/select/pure.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  types/app.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/add-block.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/use-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-number-with-slider.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/condition-wrap.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/components/loop-variables/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/use-is-var-file-attribute.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/use-interactions.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/use-is-var-file-attribute.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/import-from-tool.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/item.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/list-no-data-placeholder.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/update.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/update.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/field.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/input/index.tsx
  app/components/base/modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/select/index.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/base/textarea/index.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/reasoning-mode-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/option-card.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/node.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/config-vision.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/memory-config.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/import-from-tool.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/extract-parameter/update.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/components/reasoning-mode-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/use-config.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-config-vision.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/parameter-extractor/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/tool-call.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/components/advanced-setting.tsx
  app/components/base/tooltip/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/memory-config.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/components/class-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/prompt/editor.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/components/class-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/components/class-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/node.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/info-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/node-handle.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/readonly-input-with-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/panel.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-parameter-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/collapse/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/config-vision.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/components/advanced-setting.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/components/class-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/use-config.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/use-config-vision.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/start/components/var-item.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/general/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-var-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/start/components/var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/components/var-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/start/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/start/node.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-var-type-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/start/panel.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/config-var/config-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-effect-var-confirm.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/components/var-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/components/var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/start/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/start/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/editor-support-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/template-transform/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/components/input-var-list.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/app-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/plugin-detail-panel/model-selector/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/input-support-select-var.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-available-var-list.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/node.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/Form.tsx
  app/components/tools/setting/build-in/config-credentials.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/components/input-var-list.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/use-config.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/tools/utils/to-form-schema.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/before-run-form/form.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-one-step-run.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/tools.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/add-variable/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/general/index.ts
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/add-variable-popup.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/node-group-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/add-variable/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/node-variable-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/node-variable-item.tsx
  app/components/base/badge.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/public/common/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/others/index.ts
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/solid/development/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/var-group-item.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/line/files/index.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/var-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/var.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/var-list/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/list-no-data-placeholder.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/variable/var-reference-picker.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/default.ts
  app/components/workflow/blocks.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/node-group-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/panel.tsx
  app/components/base/switch/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/add-button.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/field.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/output-vars.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/remove-effect-var-confirm.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/split.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/components/var-group-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/use-config.ts
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/hooks/use-node-crud.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/note-node/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/note-node/types.ts
app/components/workflow/note-node/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/panel/chat-variable-panel/type.ts
app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-item.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/base/use-get-icon.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/node-status-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-nav-more.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/portal-to-follow-elem/index.tsx
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-nav.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-nav-more.tsx
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-trigger.tsx
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-item.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-nav.tsx
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-log-trigger.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/agent-result-panel.tsx
app/components/workflow/run/hooks.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/iteration-log-trigger.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/iteration-result-panel.tsx
app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/iteration-log-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/iteration-result-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/tracing-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/loop-log-trigger.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/loop-result-panel.tsx
app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/loop-log-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/loop-result-panel.tsx
  app/components/base/icons/src/vender/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/tracing-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/run/meta.tsx
  hooks/use-timestamp.ts
app/components/workflow/run/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/block-icon.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/error-handle-tip.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/status-container.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/run/result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/editor/code-editor/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/error-handle-tip.tsx
  app/components/workflow/nodes/code/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/meta.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/status.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/retry-log-trigger.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/retry-result-panel.tsx
app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/retry-log-trigger.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/retry-result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/tracing-panel.tsx
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/special-result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/agent-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/iteration-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/loop-log/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/retry-log/index.tsx
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/status-container.tsx
  hooks/use-theme.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/run/status.tsx
  app/components/header/indicator/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/status-container.tsx
  utils/classnames.ts
app/components/workflow/run/tracing-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/hooks.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/node.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/special-result-panel.tsx
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/agent/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/agent/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/iteration/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/loop/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/parallel/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/retry/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/iteration/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/parallel/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/loop/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/parallel/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/parallel/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/run/utils/format-log/retry/index.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/simple-node/constants.ts
app/components/workflow/simple-node/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/store/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/index.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/chat-variable-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/env-variable-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/form-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/help-line-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/help-line/types.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/history-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/context.tsx
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/chat-variable-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/env-variable-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/form-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/help-line-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/history-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/node-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/panel-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/tool-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/version-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/workflow-draft-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/store/workflow/workflow-slice.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/node-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/variable-assigner/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/panel-slice.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/tool-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/version-slice.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/workflow-draft-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/store/workflow/workflow-slice.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/block-selector/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/retry/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/llm/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/panel/chat-variable-panel/type.ts
  types/app.ts
  types/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/common.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/edge.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/common.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/edge.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/layout.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/node.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/tool.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/variable.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/workflow-init.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/workflow.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/layout.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/node.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/simple-node/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/tool.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/tools/utils/to-form-schema.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/tool/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/variable.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/workflow-init.ts
  app/components/workflow/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/if-else/utils.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop-start/constants.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/question-classifier/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/utils/index.ts
  utils/index.ts
app/components/workflow/utils/workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/iteration/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/loop/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/components/workflow/workflow-history-store.tsx
  app/components/workflow/hooks/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
app/education-apply/constants.ts
app/education-apply/types.ts
app/education-apply/verify-state-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/button/index.tsx
  i18n/index.ts
config/index.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
context/app-context.tsx
  app/components/base/loading/index.tsx
  app/components/header/maintenance-notice.tsx
  models/common.ts
  service/apps.ts
  service/common.ts
  types/app.ts
  types/feature.ts
context/dataset-detail.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/index.tsx
  models/datasets.ts
context/debug-configuration.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  config/index.ts
  models/common.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  models/debug.ts
  types/app.ts
context/event-emitter.tsx
context/i18n.ts
  i18n/index.ts
  i18n/language.ts
context/modal-context.tsx
  app/components/app/configuration/tools/external-data-tool-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/conversation-opener/modal.tsx
  app/components/base/features/new-feature-panel/moderation/moderation-setting-modal.tsx
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/billing/annotation-full/modal.tsx
  app/components/billing/pricing/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/external-api/declarations.ts
  app/components/datasets/external-api/external-api-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/api-based-extension-page/modal.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/index.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/model-modal/model-load-balancing-entry-modal.tsx
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/provider-added-card/model-load-balancing-modal.tsx
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/update-plugin/index.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  app/education-apply/constants.ts
  models/common.ts
  models/debug.ts
  utils/index.ts
context/provider-context.tsx
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/billing/config.ts
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  app/components/billing/utils/index.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  service/billing.ts
  service/common.ts
  service/use-education.ts
  types/app.ts
hooks/use-app-favicon.ts
  config/index.ts
  types/app.ts
  utils/emoji.ts
hooks/use-breakpoints.ts
hooks/use-i18n.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/hooks.ts
  i18n/index.ts
hooks/use-knowledge.ts
hooks/use-theme.ts
  types/app.ts
hooks/use-timestamp.ts
  context/app-context.tsx
i18n/i18next-config.ts
  i18n/language.ts
i18n/index.ts
  config/index.ts
  i18n/i18next-config.ts
  i18n/language.ts
i18n/language.ts
  i18n/languages.json
i18n/languages.json
models/app.ts
  app/(commonLayout)/app/(appDetailLayout)/[appId]/overview/tracing/type.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  types/app.ts
models/common.ts
  i18n/language.ts
models/datasets.ts
  app/components/base/tag-management/constant.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/index.tsx
  app/components/datasets/metadata/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  models/common.ts
  types/app.ts
models/debug.ts
  app/components/base/features/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/knowledge-retrieval/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  types/app.ts
models/explore.ts
  types/app.ts
models/log.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
models/share.ts
  i18n/index.ts
  types/app.ts
service/_tools_util.ts
service/annotation.ts
  app/components/app/annotation/type.ts
  config/index.ts
  service/base.ts
service/apps.ts
  app/(commonLayout)/app/(appDetailLayout)/[appId]/overview/tracing/type.ts
  models/app.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/app.ts
service/base.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  app/components/share/utils.ts
  config/index.ts
  service/fetch.ts
  service/refresh-token.ts
  types/app.ts
  types/workflow.ts
  utils/index.ts
service/billing.ts
  app/components/billing/type.ts
  service/base.ts
service/common.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  models/app.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/app.ts
  types/feature.ts
service/datasets.ts
  app/components/datasets/external-api/declarations.ts
  app/components/datasets/external-knowledge-base/create/declarations.ts
  models/app.ts
  models/common.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/app.ts
service/debug.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  models/debug.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/app.ts
service/fetch.ts
  app/components/base/toast/index.tsx
  config/index.ts
  service/base.ts
service/knowledge/use-create-dataset.ts
  app/components/datasets/create/step-two/index.tsx
  models/common.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  service/datasets.ts
service/log.ts
  models/log.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/workflow.ts
service/plugins.ts
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/base.ts
service/refresh-token.ts
  config/index.ts
  utils/index.ts
service/share.ts
  app/components/base/chat/chat/type.ts
  app/components/base/chat/types.ts
  models/share.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/feature.ts
service/strategy.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/base.ts
service/tools.ts
  app/components/tools/labels/constant.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/_tools_util.ts
  service/base.ts
service/use-apps.ts
  models/app.ts
  service/base.ts
  service/use-base.ts
  types/app.ts
service/use-base.ts
service/use-common.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/base.ts
service/use-education.ts
  app/education-apply/types.ts
  service/base.ts
  service/use-base.ts
service/use-plugins.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
  app/components/plugins/install-plugin/hooks/use-refresh-plugin-list.tsx
  app/components/plugins/marketplace/types.ts
  app/components/plugins/plugin-page/use-permission.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/base.ts
  service/common.ts
  service/plugins.ts
  service/use-tools.ts
service/use-strategy.ts
  app/components/plugins/types.ts
  service/strategy.ts
  service/use-base.ts
service/use-tools.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  service/base.ts
  service/use-base.ts
service/use-workflow.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/base.ts
  service/use-base.ts
  types/workflow.ts
service/workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  models/common.ts
  service/base.ts
  types/workflow.ts
types/app.ts
  app/components/base/tag-management/constant.ts
  app/components/tools/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  i18n/language.ts
  models/datasets.ts
  models/debug.ts
types/feature.ts
types/workflow.ts
  app/components/workflow/nodes/_base/components/error-handle/types.ts
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  types/app.ts
utils/classnames.ts
utils/emoji.ts
utils/format.ts
utils/get-icon.ts
  config/index.ts
utils/index.ts
utils/permission.ts
  models/datasets.ts
utils/semver.ts
utils/timezone.json
utils/timezone.ts
  utils/timezone.json
utils/tool-call.ts
  app/components/header/account-setting/model-provider-page/declarations.ts
utils/var.ts
  app/components/base/prompt-editor/constants.tsx
  app/components/workflow/types.ts
  config/index.ts

